All right now, we're gonna flip
to the back end for a little bit,
and start working on the custom mutation
to create the order.
So when you think about what data types we need
in order to actually create an order.
Well, we obviously need an order.
And if we think about what will be in the order,
there'll be things like price and like charge,
like they'll get a charge ID from Stripe
and we'll put that in the order,
but we also need to store reference
to the products that the person bought.
And you might think well okay,
we'll just have like a reference to the products.
The problem with that is that,
if somebody orders something,
you need to store the photo, the price, the title,
you need to store that information from when they bought it,
because if the product updates or if the price changes,
or any of that information changes in the product,
it can't change in what the user had ordered.
You need to tell them how much they paid
and show them a picture of what they actually bought,
and not the most recent version.
So, we essentially need to create two new items.
We need to create an order type, as well as order items,
in which we'll basically just copy all the fields
from the product into a order item that will allow us
to go ahead and create that.
So, we'll go into our schema here,
and let's just take a look at our, maybe product.
Let's save product.ts as capital O, order, capital I, item.
And let's go through this here,
say const, order item is equal to a list,
and then inside of that we have fields,
and we're going to have a name field,
we'll have a description field, okay.
We will have a photo field,
now the photo field is going to be
a reference to a product image.
So we'll have a photo field, now the reference here
is not gonna be product image.product,
it's simply just going to be reference
to a product image itself, it's not a two-way relationship.
We'll leave all of this stuff to be the same here.
Then the status is not something we need on that product,
okay, so go ahead and remove that.
The price is going to stay on there.
And then we need a couple new things added to it as well,
so we want quantity, so how many did they buy of that item?
That's integer, and then we're also going to have
a relationship to the order that this order item lives in.
So say order is going to be a relationship,
where the ref is order.items.
And this is not yet created, so if we import it right away,
it will probably break our build, but that's fine.
We'll go into our keystone.ts,
and let's just duplicate cart item to order item,
and then go ahead and import that sucker.
And there it is, it's being imported.
So that's the first one, the next thing we need to do
is actually go ahead and create our order itself,
so go ahead and just save that file, capital O, order.ts.
And the fields that we have for the order
are going to be pretty simple.
We need, let's just go, do, do, do,
delete everything in here.
The total is an integer.
The items in the order is a relationship,
and the reference is going to be order item.order,
All of that's gonna be in quotes.
So, we just created our order item
and the reference is this, right?
And then in here we say order item.order,
that gives us a two-way relationship.
We also wanna say many is true,
because an order can have many order items,
but is not true the other way around,
an order order item will only ever have one order
that it is related to.
We have a user which is relationship, to our user.
So reference to user.orders,
and then the charge is just a text field.
Okay, now last thing we need to do here is that
you notice we just made this relationship right here.
We also need to update our user,
so that they can have a list of their possible orders.
So we'll go back to our user.ts,
and we'll go to the bottom here, look at this,
add roles, cart and order.
We've already added cart, we're adding orders now,
and then roles will come in the next couple of videos.
So say order, what are we, orders is a relationship,
and the ref is going to be order.user, and many,
Mandy, (laughs), can Mandy access this?
Yes, Mandy may, but it's many, which is true.
All right, then we'll go back to our keystone
and import the order as well.
And then you need to, oh, we forgot to rename it.
Boom, nope, didn't boom it.
Boom, that one didn't import either.
All right, let's duplicate it, do, order.
All right, so we just did a bunch of code,
we just touched four different files.
We need to make sure that that is all still working.
So I'm going to kill my build,
start it up again, for the backend.
And one, if that worked properly,
we should see it show up in the sides,
unable to resolve two-way relationship field,
order.items for order item.order.
Okay, so there's something wrong
with the schema that we just wrote.
So unable to resolve the relationship order items, okay.
So we're referencing, that means our order
should have an items field on it.
So we'll go to our order and oh, I forgot an S here, right?
That's nice that Keystone will check all that stuff for us.
There we go, we have our order items showing up
at the sidebar, as well as our orders.
You could manually create one of these here, like shoes,
obviously these will just be generated for us,
but shoes, photo, price, quantity,
and we don't have an order to associate it with it yet.
So we'll create it, okay, and then we'll go to orders
and we'll create an order, for that much, the items,
look, and now we can select from order items.
I'm gonna select who bought that thing,
and the charge is gonna be something like CH underscore,
something like that, create the order, there we go.
So that is where you can find,
I think now if I edit this thing, there we go,
you see that it now has a relationship
to the actual order that it's in.
One other thing here is you can see
if we take a look at our list of orders,
the ID is not actually a really good thing to look at.
So what we can do, is we can put a label on this field,
so we'll say the label field is going to be a virtual field.
Now, a virtual field is something that is calculated
on demand, it's not actually a value
that's stored in the database, but it's something that is
just generated as we need it.
So we'll say virtual.
And you see it just automatically imported
the virtual field from next fields.
And then in there, there's two things we need,
first is a GraphQL return type, it's saying, all right,
well if you're going to put this thing in your GraphQL API,
and it's not actually in the database,
then you have to specify to me what is it gonna return.
In our case, it's a string.
And then we also have a resolver,
and that is a function that gives us the item,
and inside of there, we can return,
literally anything we want.
Wes is cool, item.total.
Watch this, actually well let's pop format, money,
around that, just so that we can visually see.
Boom, giving me grief here.
Left side of comma operator is unused, what did we do?
Oh, I put a comma here, that should be a semi-colon,
hey, hey, there we go.
Now, watch, we restart that thing.
And this is really helpful if you ever want to create
a custom label for your user,
and you maybe wanna format something,
or show it in different way,
or maybe bunch up a couple of fields into one field.
And there we go, Wes is cool, 2000,
so that order now, is showing up there.
Obviously we don't want the Wes is cool,
but I'm just showing you,
whatever you return from this resolver
will be what is shown up as the label.
And then of course, you can go a little bit further
and show a couple other columns, probably users,
charge, items, that's really helpful as well
to see what was actually in that specific order.
So that is a creating of the data types.
In the next one we need to start writing a custom mutation.